Come on. Come to my place.
What are you doing?
You are a waiter
It's for people.
What do you say?
What more service do you want? I'm in a bad mood today.
I want you to have two drinks with me
Is there a problem?
Sit down and I'll get a drink
Let you force me
I never thought I would give myself to a floating life
You have to marry
You have to marry if you don't marry
Kill me
You can't marry someone who is ignorant all day
You who are also sensual and scum
Bing Jiao, then listen to your dad
Although Sun Shao has a bad character
But the back well is deep
Can you save our Lin family?
Can you sacrifice me for glory and wealth?
It's not up to you
Anyway, Young Master Sun will come to propose marriage tomorrow